Serverless SQL Database - Update connection-errors.mdx (#3761)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/sql-databases/troubleshooting/connection-errors.mdx

  - `ServerlessSQLDatabaseReadWrite`
  - `ServerlessSQLDatabaseFullAccess`

## ERROR: permission denied to create temporary tables/subscription in database

### Problem

The error messages below appear when trying to create `TEMPORARY TABLES` or `SUBSCRIPTION` in a Serverless SQL Database:

    ```
    ERROR: permission denied to create temporary tables in database
    ERROR: permission denied to create subscription
    ```

### Cause

> Serverless SQL Database [does not support yet `TEMPORARY TABLES` or `SUBSCRIPTION`.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless SQL Databases do not support `TEMPORARY TABLES` or `SUBSCRIPTION` yet. Refer to the [known differences](/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features)  page for more information.
```

### Solution

If you (or a third party tool you are using, especially `ETL` tools such as Airbyte, Fivetran or Meltano) require `TEMPORARY TABLES`, we suggest you use a [Managed Database for PostgreSQL](https://www.scaleway.com/en/database/). Note that `SUBSCRIPTION` are not yet supported by Managed Databases for PostgreSQL, but you can [import data with ETL tools through these steps](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/api-cli/import-data-to-managed-postgresql-databases/#import-data-from-a-file-csv-txt-etc).

## ERROR: prepared transactions are disabled

### Problem

The error message below appears when trying to use `PREPARE TRANSACTION` in a Serverless SQL Database:

    ```
    ERROR: prepared transactions are disabled
    ```

### Cause

> Serverless SQL Database [does not support `PREPARE TRANSACTION`.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless SQL Databases do not support `PREPARE TRANSACTION`. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features) for more information.
```

### Solution

> If you require this feature, we suggest you use a [Managed Database for PostgreSQL](https://www.scaleway.com/en/database/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require this feature, we suggest you use a [Managed Database for PostgreSQL](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/).
```

## ERROR: cannot refresh materialized view concurrently

### Problem

The error message below appears when trying to connect to the Serverless SQL Database:

    ```
    ERROR: cannot refresh materialized view "example-view" concurrently
    ```

### Cause

> Serverless SQL Database [does not support `REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW CONCURRENTLY`.](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features). Note that `REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW` is supported, only `CONCURRENTLY` keyword is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless SQL Databases do not support `REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW CONCURRENTLY`. However, the `REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW` command is supported, only the `CONCURRENTLY` keyword is not supported. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences/#unsupported-sql-features) for more information. 
```

### Solution

> If you require this feature, we suggest you use a [Managed Database for PostgreSQL](https://www.scaleway.com/en/database/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require this feature, we suggest you use a [Managed Database for PostgreSQL](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/).
```
